feat(content): Created two further one-liner spaceport missions (#6494)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

mission "Local Politics"
	minor
	source
		government "Free Worlds"
		attributes "frontier"
		not attributes "station"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one scrambled to hook up your ship nor were there a full contingent waiting to receive you. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their overlords can find their yearly tribute.`

Author: Yes, but if the pirates declare themselves to be their overlord when demanding tribute, then the note would identify them as their overlord, not as "a local pirate gang".

> 			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one scrambled to hook up your ship nor were there a full contingent waiting to receive you. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their overlords can find their yearly tribute.`

Reviewer: Yeah that's fair.

> 			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one scrambled to hook up your ship nor were there a full contingent waiting to receive you. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their overlords can find their yearly tribute.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one scrambled to hook up your ship nor was there a full contingent waiting to receive you. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their overlords can find their yearly tribute.`
```

> 			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one scrambled to hook up your ship nor were there a full contingent waiting to receive you. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their overlords can find their yearly tribute.`

Reviewer 3: The mixed tense is kinda clunky.
```suggestion
			`As you land on the pad, you note that no one has scrambled to hook up your ship, nor has anybody else acknowledged your arrival. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their overlords can find their yearly tribute.`
```

Author: Can we re-try this one retaining the "general lack of presence"?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one has scrambled to hook up your ship, nor has anybody else acknowledged your arrival. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where the "overlords" can find their yearly tribute.`
```
This look right? I also made a quick change at the bottom - it's not quite obvious who your `their` refers to.

Reviewer 5: I agree to the changes baring the "their," personally. It sounds right that it's "their" overlords over "the" overlords.
Then again, I'm not the one with Merge powers, so someone please give a second opinion.

Author: ```suggestion
			`As you land on the pad, you note a general lack of presence around the spaceport. No one has scrambled to hook up your ship, nor has anybody else acknowledged your arrival. Instead, when you leave your ship, all you find is a note within the spaceport detailing where their "overlords" can find their yearly tribute.`
```

Reviewer 4: Still not huge on the `their` vs `the`, but I'm cool with letting it slide

			`	You decide against finding out where the inhabitants went.`
				decline

> mission "Forest Fire"

Reviewer 2: Why is this mission called Forest Fire?

Author: Whoops

Reviewer 4: Still needs fixing

Reviewer 5: 💢

Author: ```suggestion
mission "Missed Mugging"
```

	minor
	source
		government "Free Worlds"
		not attributes "station" "frontier"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The sun had already set when you walked out of the spaceport, trying to find a nearby restaurant to sample their wares. Looking around, the only source of light came from the building you walked out of, a beacon within the sea of darkness.`

Reviewer 6: Not a fan of past tense, as usual.

Author: ```suggestion
			`The sun has already set when you walk out of the spaceport, trying to find a nearby restaurant to sample their wares. Looking around, the only source of light comes from the building you just exited, a beacon within the sea of darkness.`
```

Reviewer 6: lgtm

> 			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights. You are interrupted as two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you can respond, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, yet before you could do anything they had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights. You are interrupted as two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you can respond, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, long after all three people had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`
```

Reviewer 5: Looks right.

> 			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights before two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you could reply with a profanity, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, yet before you could do anything they had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights. You are interrupted as two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you could respond, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, yet before you could do anything they had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`
```

> 			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights. You are interrupted as two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you could respond, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, yet before you could do anything they had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights. You are interrupted as two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you can respond, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, yet before you could do anything they had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`
```

Slipped back into past tense here - also, is respond really appropriate? React, perhaps?

Author: I think responding is more active, and would be the relevant activity. You can pull a face and that's a reaction, but it doesn't achieve anything in the situation. Whereas a response would be something *useful* I feel.

mission "Missed Mugging"
	minor
	source
		government "Free Worlds"
		not attributes "station" "frontier"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation
			`The sun has already set when you walk out of the spaceport, trying to find a nearby restaurant to sample their wares. Looking around, the only source of light comes from the building you just exited, a beacon within the sea of darkness.`

> 			`	Choosing a random direction, you decide to walk down the quiet street, taking in the sights. You are interrupted as two men rush from an alley, pushing past you as they go. Before you can respond, you see a woman run out, clothes in disarray as she gives chase to the two men to no avail. Belatedly, you realize that they were holding a purse, long after all three people had already disappeared, melting into the blackness beyond.`

Author: I'm partial to the first one.
